Stop
Los cedars
You pretend to be the eldest lady of the Lu family, swaggering and deceiving
What's the crime?
I am innocent
Miss Lu
I didn't impersonate you.
I just said my own surname is Lu
From Chengdu is him
It's none of my business that he got it wrong
What!
Luo Shanshan, how dare you lie to me?
What do you mean I lied to you?
It's you who are insatiable
Miss Bra
I didn't mean to impersonate you.
Please forgive me
It's useless for you to beg me.
I'm not a lady of the Luo family
I just happen to know Du Chenhui
As for whether to forgive you or not
It depends on the meaning of the Luo family's loyalty
Luo Shanshan pretended to be the eldest lady of the Shendu Luo family
Swagger and smash the flat fairy into a big tiger
Already heavily fined
Confiscate all property
Become a beggar
No, let me live
Please. Huh?
This punishment is already very low.
Dare to be unreasonable again
Then try to interrupt and throw it out
How dare I be unreasonable with the fall?
Thank you Rogav for your kindness
I'm leaving.
Wait a minute.
Roxanne
Did you forget something?